Kanisha  Shah
504-958-165

Homework:


1. Even if other teams had been observing all the bytes going across the network,
it would be secure as they would not be able to decrypt the data. All the data sent
over the network is first encrypted using a public key. The data can only be encrypted
using a private key which is not sent over the network and they would never have access
to. This means that even if they have the public key and access to the bytes, they
do not have access to the data.

(1) If keyboard is tapped, network would no longer be secure. They would know
the passphrase (authentication of private-key) by observing the keystrokes.
They can access the data by decrypting it using the private key. However, if the
password verification is off and they are not logging in for the first time,
then they would not have access to the private key and would not be able to decrypt
the data.

(2) If someone has physical control of the USB while we are booting off USB, network would
not be secure. They would have access to .ssh folders and both the keys. They would be
able to encrypt and decrpt all the messages using the keys.



2. A signature is created and verified using the same public key. gpg --verify command
is used to verify that the signature and the document matches and the document has not
been modified after the signature has been made. The signature is decrypted using the public
key and is compared to the document that is sent with the signature. This command does
not verify the author of the signature or the public key. So, if someone intercepts
between the sender and the receiver, that intruder can modify the document, and send his
signature and public key instead and we would not find out.

To fix this problem, we can rely on third party companies or organizations which is
trusted by both the sender and the reciever. This third party can keep track of the
origin of the document and its true owner. This way we can verify if we have the
documents by the right person. 
